triers dot com
Thank you that you are at the fair
they can not come
imagine how relieved that edf is
There are two types of people
special gift
as they think they have any
special powers and those who believe
we would not see through it
no leo you have the wrong direction
right of you richard wagners i call
Richard Wagner in the name of God
and both are fooling themselves, they say
they have been working for a long time
you also psychologist or magician
no i am a physicist and why do it
they transcend the effects here
investigate
perhaps most famous clairvoyant of all
Times will not even be three here
visit weeks
It will be a mass rush to the
tickets give is there at all
no challenge would be more silver
already a silver is already checked
been
30 years ago we should have him now
check
Forget silvery tower there are things
you do not necessarily know he is
Dangerous wants to be away from him
there is only one way to access
to gain truth
and we have no idea what the pig
what's going on here
I am afraid of
movies